Hello, this is QEDelet working through the Odin Project curriculum. For this assignment, Recipes, I was supposed to make a set of interconnected files that would, if hosted on a server, function as web pages constituting a web site. The subject matter of these files would be recipes, presumably because they create a great pretext for teaching the user to use headings, embed images, and employ a combination of ordered and unordered lists.
Most of the technical work was review for me, since I've gone over the basics of HTML a few times over by now, but I admit that I dragged my feet a bit finding recipes. If I hadn't, I would've gotten through this far more quickly. I should keep this in mind for future projects.
I also should have paid better attention to the instructions; I didn't initially catch on that I was supposed to update my Git repository in several iterations, and instead just ploughed through with the html until I thought the assignment was complete. It wasn't until I went back to double-check the instructions that I realized I was also being taught to use Git and GitHub in a way that aligned with actual development practices.
I admit that I didn't want to throw away all the work I'd already done, so to salvage the situation, I created differently-named copies of my index file and first recipe, along with a differently-named copy of the recipes directory, and used these to make the repository changes in order with minimal editing required other than copying and pasting. I realize after the fact that I probably didn't need to make a copy of the directory and could have just added one file at a time from within the original directory, but I didn't know for sure if individual files within lower-level directories could be added. Now I do, so if I ever have to do something like this in the future, I should be able to save time and effort.
I hope that my mistakes and my solutions to those mistakes haven't violated the spirit of the assignment. I doubt that they have, but in any case, next time I work on a project, I intend to read the instructions more thoroughly and attentively before I begin work. I suppose that's a lesson in its own right.
